# python_django_ERP_system

The project entitled ERP System is a computer-based system that helps to store companies purchase orders, invoices and challans. It will resolve the problem of these companies who have less space to store their purchase orders, invoices and challans and arrange them and in future if they want to look at previous orders, they will not have to face the problem with bulk of papers in front of them. All they need is just log in into the system and store their daily records and if they want to search in, they can do it with search function built-in in the browser.
The ERP System is mainly made for small scaled companies who have problem in storage of their paper works. So, when a supplier gets a purchase order from a customer, after approval the supplier will start work on that order. After completion of the order, they will send invoice of the order and if the order is big, they will complete the order in small orders for example if an order is of 10000 units, they will complete it in 5 steps as 2000 units and they will send the units to the customer with a challan. At the end they will make an invoice on the basis of challan involved in the order. So, in this scenario the purchase order, invoice and challan play a big role.
Imagine if the company receives more than two orders in a day and as a human nature it is sometimes difficult to remember all the orders that are pending, completed and if they received the payment of their order. So as a solution ERP System will provide a platform for storing, viewing and editing user’s order. The system will hardly take a space in user’s computer system because of service provided by SQLite database and it will free user from the tension of storage of bulk of papers.
At the end of the day the supplier will have a detailed overview of their daily paperwork’s.
